chore(content/update): Add Alpine 3.18 Update to Docs (#1492)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/patch-level.md

[custom-script]: {{< ref "/webapps/cockpit/extend/configuration#custom-scripts" >}}
[frontend-modules]: {{< ref "/webapps/cockpit/extend/plugins#structure-of-a-frontend-module" >}}

## 7.19.4 to 7.19.5 / 7.18.9 to 7.18.10 / 7.17.14 to 7.17.15

### Update base of Camunda Docker images to Alpine 3.18

> This release comes with an update of the Alpine base docker image. See the detailed list of changes in the official [release notes][alpine318] page.

Reviewer: 🔧 Let's use the same text for the older versions too.
```suggestion
The Camunda Docker images are based on Alpine. This release updates the Alpine base docker image to 3.18. See the detailed list of changes in the official [release notes][alpine318] page.
```
